- A call stack keeps track of an interpereters place in a script with more than one function. It also keeps track of what function is currently running and the functions called therein.
- The interpereter places called functions in the call stack before running them.
- If a function calls other functions, they will be added to the stack at the same time as the root function. Only after all sequential functions are added will the interpereter start actually running functions.
- Functions are removed from the stack as they are completed and before moving on to the next sequential function.
- If a stack has too many functions added at a time and uses up more space than it was given it will result in a "stack overflow error".
- It seems to me the intent of function oriented programming is to reduce time between the interpereter seeing a function and that function actually being called. In object oriented programming we often call functions within other functions because it's convinient for us, but if we do that the interpereter has to add all of those functions to the stack all the way down the line before even starting the first one. On the other hand, if you only use "pure" functions where each function only does one thing and they're all called simultaneously but none of them are connected to eachother the interperater only has to add one function to the stack before running it. This should not increase/decrease overall time because all the same steps are being taken. They're just taken in a different order. However, it should decrease the amount of time it takes for the user to see the change they requested. This would also significantly decrease your chances of getting that stack overflow error since you'll only ever have the one function in the stack (decrease because of the "impure" function allowance percentage thing).
- you can immediately envoke a function by wrapping it in parens and putting argument parens immediately after?
